Why are you blocking me?
The tolerance limit of that machine
That's 100,000 catties
How is that possible?
See for yourself?
What about the cotton wool in this fist?
Maybe it turned into squeezed powder
You three want to besiege me
I thought this would make me eliminated
It's too naive to think
Wrong, only the two of us are besieging you?
Just a fool
I gave it to you in the last game.
You are a grandmaster and disciple, have you suffered?
Why don't you repent?
Garbage is garbage
Even if it comes together in a pile, it's just a pile of trash
Not even the three of you together
The hidden weapon is also brittle
You are still stingy
I am the first hidden weapon in the world
In addition to the fat and weak bullets, I can barely tolerate it
Not worth mentioning at all
Too urgent, too urgent, too urgent, hahaha.
I'm not talking about you, I'm talking about you.
All princes
Hey, I can't kill Qingfeng
I'll deal with you later.
Haha, you used to be on this one.
You saved my son's grandson
up
In a hurry today
If you no longer have the courage, take you instead
Why did you choose me?
I am a spectator